the black hands are ghosting you
Welcome to the second edition of the
blackdome light
we present you the now
resolution to the last week's issue
blood everywhere
There are 6 8 billion people on the planet
earth
3.2 die per second
per hour makes that already 11,250
in one day, the 270,000
Some of these deaths are whimsical
that as black stories in the story
enter
[Music]
Wow
The man was killed by one this night
swarming mosquitoes haunted
[Applause]
[Music]
yes yes
when he was nearly 100 of all walls
finally had understood
[Music]
Let us now come to the winners of the
last weeks
on the one hand from the environment this wrote
I would be happy too
ever had
the class does not produce
the
merely contributed to that on the
bed of cappuccino caramel then beats
a few hours later something similar
may have testified he has become
smash
Congratulations both you have nothing
won but you are quite expensive
not long needed for the house
confidence
and now we wish you a lot of fun
with the next black story
[Music]
with great joy
first the family, her grandmother for that
continue
[Music]